

## Terms of Use

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. AGREEMENT TO TERMS
2. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
3. USER REPRESENTATIONS
4. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES
5. USER GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS
6. CONTRIBUTION LICENSE
7. SUBMISSIONS
8. SITE MANAGEMENT
9. TERM AND TERMINATION
10. MODIFICATIONS AND INTERRUPTIONS
11. GOVERNING LAW
12. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
13. CORRECTIONS
14. DISCLAIMER
15. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
16. INDEMNIFICATION
17. USER DATA
18. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, TRANSACTIONS, AND SIGNATURES
19. MISCELLANEOUS
20. CONTACT US

1. AGREEMENT TO TERMSThese Terms of Use constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity (“you”) and __________ ("Company," “we," “us," or “our”), concerning your access to and use of the __________ website as well as any other media form, media channel, mobile website or mobile application related, linked, or otherwise connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”). You agree that by accessing the Site, you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by all of these Terms of Use. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE TERMS OF USE, THEN YOU ARE EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED FROM USING THE SITE AND YOU MUST DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY.Supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be posted on the Site from time to time are hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes or modifications to these Terms of Use at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of these Terms of Use, and you waive any right to receive specific notice of each such change. Please ensure that you check the applicable Terms every time you use our Site so that you understand which Terms apply. You will be subject to, and will be deemed to have been made aware of and to have accepted, the changes in any revised Terms of Use by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Terms of Use are posted.The information provided on the Site is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
2. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTSUnless otherwise indicated, the Site is our proprietary\nproperty and all source code, databases, functionality, software, website\ndesigns, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics on the Site\n(collectively, the “Content”) and the trademarks, service marks, and logos\ncontained therein (the “Marks”) are owned or controlled by us or licensed to\nus, and are protected by copyright and trademark laws and various other\nintellectual property rights and unfair competition laws of the United States, international copyright laws, and international conventions. The Content and the Marks are provided on the\nSite “AS IS” for your information and personal use only. Except as expressly provided in these Terms\nof Use, no part of the Site and no Content or Marks may be copied, reproduced,\naggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded,\ntranslated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited\nfor any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior written\npermission.Provided that you are eligible to use the Site, you are\ngranted a limited license to access and use the Site and to download or print a\ncopy of any portion of the Content to which you have properly gained access\nsolely for your personal, non-commercial use. We reserve all rights not\nexpressly granted to you in and to the Site, the Content and the Marks.
3. USER REPRESENTATIONSBy using the Site, you represent and warrant that: (1) you have the legal capacity and you agree to comply with these Terms of Use; (2) you are not a minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside; (3) you will not access the Site through automated or non-human means, whether through a bot, script, or otherwise; (4) you will not use the Site for any illegal or unauthorized purpose; and (5) your use of the Site will not violate any applicable law or regulation.If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof). 
4. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIESYou may not access or use the Site for any purpose other than that for which we make the Site available. The Site may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by us.As a user of the Site, you agree not to:Systematically retrieve data or other content from the Site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database, or directory without written permission from us.Trick, defraud, or mislead us and other users, especially in any attempt to learn sensitive account information such as user passwords.Circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Site, including features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on the use of the Site and/or the Content contained therein.Disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in our opinion, us and/or the Site.Use any information obtained from the Site in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person.Make improper use of our support services or submit false reports of abuse or misconduct.Use the Site in a manner inconsistent with any applicable laws or regulations.Engage in unauthorized framing of or linking to the Site.Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) viruses, Trojan horses, or other material, including excessive use of capital letters and spamming (continuous posting of repetitive text), that interferes with any party’s uninterrupted use and enjoyment of the Site or modifies, impairs, disrupts, alters, or interferes with the use, features, functions, operation, or maintenance of the Site.Engage in any automated use of the system, such as using scripts to send comments or messages, or using any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.Delete the copyright or other proprietary rights notice from any Content.Attempt to impersonate another user or person or use the username of another user.Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) any material that acts as a passive or active information collection or transmission mechanism, including without limitation, clear graphics interchange formats (“gifs”), 1×1 pixels, web bugs, cookies, or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as “spyware” or “passive collection mechanisms” or “pcms”).Interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the Site or the networks or services connected to the Site.Harass, annoy, intimidate, or threaten any of our employees or agents engaged in providing any portion of the Site to you.Attempt to bypass any measures of the Site designed to prevent or restrict access to the Site, or any portion of the Site.Copy or adapt the Site’s software, including but not limited to Flash, PHP, HTML, JavaScript, or other code.Except as permitted by applicable law, decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Site.Except as may be the result of standard search engine or Internet browser usage, use, launch, develop, or distribute any automated system, including without limitation, any spider, robot, cheat utility, scraper, or offline reader that accesses the Site, or using or launching any unauthorized script or other software.Use a buying agent or purchasing agent to make purchases on the Site.Make any unauthorized use of the Site, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email, or creating user accounts by automated means or under false pretenses.Use the Site as part of any effort to compete with us or otherwise use the Site and/or the Content for any revenue-generating endeavor or commercial enterprise.
5. USER GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONSThe Site does not offer users to submit or post content. We may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us or on the Site, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal information or other material (collectively, "Contributions"). Contributions may be viewable by other users of the Site and through third-party websites. As such, any Contributions you transmit may be treated in accordance with the Site Privacy Policy. When you create or make available any Contributions, you thereby represent and warrant that:The creation, distribution, transmission, public display, or performance, and the accessing, downloading, or copying of your Contributions do not and will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or moral rights of any third party.You are the creator and owner of or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, releases, and permissions to use and to authorize us, the Site, and other users of the Site to use your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use.You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use.Your Contributions are not false, inaccurate, or misleading.Your Contributions are not unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, pyramid schemes, chain letters, spam, mass mailings, or other forms of solicitation.Your Contributions are not obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, libelous, slanderous, or otherwise objectionable (as determined by us).Your Contributions do not ridicule, mock, disparage, intimidate, or abuse anyone.Your Contributions are not used to harass or threaten (in the legal sense of those terms) any other person and to promote violence against a specific person or class of people.Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law, regulation, or rule.Your Contributions do not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party.Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law concerning child pornography, or otherwise intended to protect the health or well-being of minors.Your Contributions do not include any offensive comments that are connected to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference, or physical handicap.Your Contributions do not otherwise violate, or link to material that violates, any provision of these Terms of Use, or any applicable law or regulation.Any use of the Site in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms of Use and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Site.
6. CONTRIBUTION LICENSEYou agree that we may access, store, process, and use any information and personal data that you provide following the terms of the Privacy Policy and your choices (including settings).By submitting suggestions or other feedback regarding the Site, you agree that we can use and share such feedback for any purpose without compensation to you.We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. You retain full ownership of all of your Contributions and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Contributions. We are not liable for any statements or representations in your Contributions provided by you in any area on the Site. You are solely responsible for your Contributions to the Site and you expressly agree to exonerate us from any and all responsibility and to refrain from any legal action against us regarding your Contributions.
7. SUBMISSIONSYou acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback, or other information regarding the Site ("Submissions") provided by you to us are non-confidential and shall become our sole property. We shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any lawful purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. You hereby waive all moral rights to any such Submissions, and you hereby warrant that any such Submissions are original with you or that you have the right to submit such Submissions. You agree there shall be no recourse against us for any alleged or actual infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in your Submissions.
8. SITE MANAGEMENTWe reserve the\nright, but not the obligation, to: (1) monitor the Site for violations of\nthese Terms of Use; (2) take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in\nour sole discretion, violates the law or these Terms of Use, including without\nlimitation, reporting such user to law enforcement authorities; (3) in our sole\ndiscretion and without limitation, refuse, restrict access to, limit the\navailability of, or disable (to the extent technologically feasible) any of\nyour Contributions or any portion thereof; (4) in our sole discretion and\nwithout limitation, notice, or liability, to remove from the Site or otherwise\ndisable all files and content that are excessive in size or are in any way\nburdensome to our systems; and (5) otherwise manage the Site in a manner\ndesigned to protect our rights and property and to facilitate the proper\nfunctioning of the Site. 
9. TERM AND TERMINATIONThese Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Site. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THESE TERMS OF USE, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION AND WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY, DENY ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE (INCLUDING BLOCKING CERTAIN IP ADDRESSES), TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR BREACH OF ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR COVENANT CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS OF USE OR OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. WE MAY TERMINATE YOUR USE OR PARTICIPATION IN THE SITE OR DELETE ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION THAT YOU POSTED AT ANY TIME,\nWITHOUT WARNING, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION.If we terminate\nor suspend your account for any reason, you are prohibited from registering and\ncreating a new account under your name, a fake or borrowed name, or the name of\nany third party, even if you may be acting on behalf of the third party. In\naddition to terminating or suspending your account, we reserve the right to\ntake appropriate legal action, including without limitation pursuing civil,\ncriminal, and injunctive redress.
10. MODIFICATIONS AND INTERRUPTIONSWe reserve the right to change, modify, or remove the contents of the Site at any time or for any reason at our sole discretion without notice. However, we have no obligation to update any information on our Site. We also reserve the right to modify or discontinue all or part of the Site without notice at any time. We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, price change, suspension, or discontinuance of the Site.We cannot guarantee\nthe Site will be available at all times. We may experience hardware, software,\nor other problems or need to perform maintenance related to the Site, resulting\nin interruptions, delays, or errors. We\nreserve the right to change, revise, update, suspend, discontinue, or otherwise\nmodify the Site at any time or for any reason without notice to you. You agree that we have no liability\nwhatsoever for any loss, damage, or inconvenience caused by your inability to\naccess or use the Site during any downtime or discontinuance of the Site. Nothing in these Terms of Use will be\nconstrued to obligate us to maintain and support the Site or to supply any\ncorrections, updates, or releases in connection therewith.
11. GOVERNING LAWThese Terms shall be governed by and defined following the laws of __________. __________ and yourself irrevocably consent that the courts of __________ shall have exclusive jurisdiction to resolve any dispute which may arise in connection with these terms.
12. DISPUTE RESOLUTIONBinding ArbitrationAny dispute arising out of or in connection with this contract, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by the International Commercial Arbitration Court under the European Arbitration Chamber (Belgium, Brussels, Avenue Louise, 146) according to the Rules of this ICAC, which, as a result of referring to it, is considered as the part of this clause. The number of arbitrators shall be __________. The seat, or legal place, of arbitration shall be __________. The language of the proceedings shall be __________. The governing law of the contract shall be the substantive law of __________.RestrictionsThe Parties agree that any arbitration shall be limited to the Dispute between the Parties individually. To the full extent permitted by law, (a) no arbitration shall be joined with any other proceeding; (b) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or to utilize class action procedures; and (c) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons.Exceptions to ArbitrationThe Parties agree that the following Disputes are not subject to the above provisions concerning binding arbitration: (a) any Disputes seeking to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of the intellectual property rights of a Party; (b) any Dispute related to, or arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of privacy, or unauthorized use; and (c) any claim for injunctive relief. If this provision is found to be illegal or unenforceable, then neither Party will elect to arbitrate any Dispute falling within that portion of this provision found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Dispute shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within the courts listed for jurisdiction above, and the Parties agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.
13. CORRECTIONSThere may be\ninformation on the Site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or\nomissions, including descriptions, pricing, availability, and various other\ninformation. We reserve the right to\ncorrect any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update the\ninformation on the Site at any time, without prior notice.
14. DISCLAIMERTHE SITE IS PROVIDED\nON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. YOU\nAGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND OUR SERVICES WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE\nFULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR\nIMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT\nLIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\nPURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT\nTHE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SITE’S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY\nWEBSITES LINKED TO THE SITE AND WE WILL ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY\nFOR ANY (1) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT AND MATERIALS, (2)\nPERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM\nYOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE, (3) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF\nOUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL\nINFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (4) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION\nTO OR FROM THE SITE, (5) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH\nMAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (6) ANY\nERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT AND MATERIALS OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF\nANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR\nOTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SITE. WE DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE,\nOR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A\nTHIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SITE, ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, OR ANY WEBSITE OR MOBILE\nAPPLICATION FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND WE WILL NOT BE A\nPARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU\nAND ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE\nPURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU\nSHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.
15. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITYIN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO US OR __________. CERTAIN US STATE LAWS AND INTERNATIONAL LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
16. INDEMNIFICATIONYou agree to\ndefend, indemnify, and hold us harmless, including our subsidiaries,\naffiliates, and all of our respective officers, agents, partners, and\nemployees, from and against any loss, damage, liability, claim, or demand, including\nreasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, made by any third party due to or\narising out of: (1) use of the Site; (2) breach of these Terms of Use; (3) any breach of your representations and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use; (4) your violation of the rights of a third party, including but not limited to intellectual property rights; or (5) any overt harmful act toward any other user of the Site with whom you connected via the Site. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate, at your expense, with our defense of such claims. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding which is subject to this indemnification upon becoming aware of it.
17. USER DATAWe will maintain\ncertain data that you transmit to the Site for the purpose of managing the\nperformance of the Site, as well as data relating to your use of the Site. Although we perform regular routine backups\nof data, you are solely responsible for all data that you transmit or that\nrelates to any activity you have undertaken using the Site. You agree\nthat we shall have no liability to you for any loss or corruption of any such\ndata, and you hereby waive any right of action against us arising from any such\nloss or corruption of such data.
18. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, TRANSACTIONS, AND SIGNATURESVisiting the Site, sending us emails, and completing online forms constitute electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications, and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications we provide to you electronically, via email and on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE USE OF ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES, CONTRACTS, ORDERS, AND OTHER RECORDS, AND TO ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF NOTICES, POLICIES, AND RECORDS OF TRANSACTIONS INITIATED OR COMPLETED BY US OR VIA THE SITE. You hereby waive any rights or requirements under any statutes, regulations, rules, ordinances, or other laws in any jurisdiction which require an original signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records, or to payments or the granting of credits by any means other than electronic means.
19. MISCELLANEOUSThese Terms of Use and any policies or operating rules posted by us on the Site or in respect to the Site constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Use operate to the fullest extent permissible by law. We may assign any or all of our rights and obligations to others at any time. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss, damage, delay, or failure to act caused by any cause beyond our reasonable control. If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms of Use and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. There is no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship created between you and us as a result of these Terms of Use or use of the Site. You agree that these Terms of Use will not be construed against us by virtue of having drafted them. You hereby waive any and all defenses you may have based on the electronic form of these Terms of Use and the lack of signing by the parties hereto to execute these Terms of Use.
20. CONTACT USIn order to resolve a complaint regarding the Site or to receive further information regarding use of the Site.


## Privacy Policy
Last updated December 15, 2022.This privacy notice for 1-1 Google Sheets Addon, describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share ("process") your information when you use our services ("Services"), such as when you:Visit our website at https://github.com/erenyener/sheets-one-on-one-plugin, or any website of ours that links to this privacy noticeEngage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or eventsQuestions or concerns? Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at mehmeterenyener@gmail.com.

### SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
This summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for. You can also click here to go directly to our table of contents.What personal information do we process? When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with addon and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. Click here to learn more.Do we process any sensitive personal information? We do not process sensitive personal information.Do we receive any information from third parties? We do not receive any information from third parties.How do we process your information? We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Click here to learn more.In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information? We may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties. Click here to learn more.What are your rights? Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information. Click here to learn more.How do you exercise your rights? The easiest way to exercise your rights is by filling out our data subject request form available here, or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.Want to learn more about what this addon does with any information we collect?

### TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
6. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
7. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
8. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
9. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
10. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
11. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to usIn Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.Sensitive Information. We do not process sensitive information.All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including:To save or protect an individual's vital interest. We may process your information when necessary to save or protect an individual’s vital interest, such as to prevent harm.
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e., legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or fulfill our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfill our legitimate business interests.If you are located in the EU or UK, this section applies to you.The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your personal information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:Consent. We may process your information if you have given us permission (i.e., consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Click here to learn more.Legal Obligations. We may process your information where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.Vital Interests. We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.If you are located in Canada, this section applies to you.We may process your information if you have given us specific permission (i.e., express consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose, or in situations where your permission can be inferred (i.e., implied consent). You can withdraw your consent at any time. Click here to learn more.In some exceptional cases, we may be legally permitted under applicable law to process your information without your consent, including, for example:If collection is clearly in the interests of an individual and consent cannot be obtained in a timely wayFor investigations and fraud detection and preventionFor business transactions provided certain conditions are metIf it is contained in a witness statement and the collection is necessary to assess, process, or settle an insurance claimFor identifying injured, ill, or deceased persons and communicating with next of kinIf we have reasonable grounds to believe an individual has been, is, or may be victim of financial abuseIf it is reasonable to expect collection and use with consent would compromise the availability or the accuracy of the information and the collection is reasonable for purposes related to investigating a breach of an agreement or a contravention of the laws of Canada or a provinceIf disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or rules of the court relating to the production of recordsIf it was produced by an individual in the course of their employment, business, or profession and the collection is consistent with the purposes for which the information was producedIf the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposesIf the information is publicly available and is specified by the regulations
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In Short: We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following third parties.We may need to share your personal information in the following situations:Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements).When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
6. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), and Canada, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.In some regions (like the EEA, UK, and Canada), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?" below.We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.If you are located in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html.Withdrawing your consent: If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?" below.However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
7. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
8. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g., backups, etc.).
9. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short: Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
10. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at mehmeterenyener@gmail.com 
11. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it. 
